Add Python strings strip function documentation (#3435)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/strip/strip.md

---
Title: '.strip()'

> Description: 'Eliminates spaces at the beginning and end of a string, and specified characters when passed as an argument.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Eliminates any trailing spaces at the beginning and end of a string. Specific characters can be passed in as an argument to be removed instead.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.strip()`** method removes any whitespace at the beginning and end of a string. It’s also possible to specify which characters will be removed; otherwise, all whitespaces will be removed.

Reviewer: A couple of changes here. Let's also include a note further explaining when specified characters are removed.
```suggestion
The **`.strip()`** method removes any whitespace at the beginning and end of a string. Optionally, a string of characters can be passed in as an argument to remove those characters instead. Otherwise, all whitespaces will be removed.

> **Note**: The .strip() method removes specified characters only when they appear as the outermost leading and trailing characters in the string.
```

---
Title: '.strip()'

> Description: 'Eliminates spaces at the beginning and end of a string, and specified characters when passed as a parameter.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Eliminates spaces at the beginning and end of a string, and specified characters when passed as an argument.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.strip()`** method removes any whitespace at the beginning and end of a string. It’s also possible to specify which characters will be removed; otherwise, all whitespaces will be removed. 

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.strip(characters) 
```

> Parameters are optional for this method.

Reviewer 2: Generally we explain the parameters here. Briefly explain what `characters` takes/does

## Example 1

The following example shows the usage of `.strip()` _without_ a parameter:

```py
string_with_white_spaces = "   221B, Baker Street   "

print(string_with_white_spaces) 
print(string_with_white_spaces.strip())
```

Output:

```shell
   221B, Baker Street   
221B, Baker Street
```

> In the first print statement, the string includes leading and trailing spaces.
> In the second print statement, `.strip()` removes these spaces, resulting in a clean output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: For most simple entry examples we don't include additional text explaining the output. Additional explanations are generally reserved for concept entries that include more material, or code blocks that may contain complex or unintuitive code.

## Example 2

The following example shows the usage of `.strip()` _with_ a parameter:

```py
messy_sentence = "iiixxxyyyxyyyyyOctopuses have three hearts and blue blood.iiixxyyyxxyyy"
print(messy_sentence.strip("ixy"))

```

Output:

```shell
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
```

> Since the unwanted characters were at the beginning and at the end of the sentence, when passing the specified characters as a parameter in `.strip()`, the output was clean.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Codebyte Example

> Print the code below to prank the person who added this new entry to a shopping list, so no one would know how many bottles of soda to buy, and see the `.strip()` method in action!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following code is runnable and uses the `.strip()` method.
```
